README.md, before:

## Advanced Git

### Resources

All of the resources you need for class are located in this repository.

**Slides:** The PDF of the slides is in the `presentation` folder.

**Exercises** are in the `exercises` folder. The exercises will instruct you to clone an additional repository that is set up for completing the included exercises.


### Description

By coding along with us in this workshop you’ll:

 - Learn how git represents commits and branches internally to gain deep insights into how git works under the hood…
 - Discover the power of rebasing in git, along with how to avoid common pitfalls. Learn to tell when it’s appropriate to re-write history…
 - Discover how git hooks can make your life easier by running analysis on your code before you commit in order to prevent common errors from making their way into your codebase…
 - Discover lesser-known features of git that will save you hours of time when resolving merge conflicts and track down bugs…
 - Learn how to harness the power of the GitHub API to fetch information about your repositories. 

### Author and Class Information

Nina Zakharenko
[@nnja](https://twitter.com/nnja)

Front End Masters
[Video screencast](http://frontendmasters.com/workshops/git-indepth/)

Commit message:

Update README with links to the course video

README.md, after:

## [Advanced Git In-Depth](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/git-in-depth/)

The accompanying exercises for [Nina Zakharenko's](https://twitter.com/nnja) [Git In-Depth Video Workshop](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/git-in-depth/) on Frontend Masters.

![](images/git-in-depth.png)

[Watch the Course here](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/git-in-depth/).

## Resources

All of the resources you need for class are located in this repository.

### Slides
The PDF of the slides is in the `presentation` folder.

### Exercises
are in the `exercises` folder. The exercises will instruct you to clone an additional repository that is set up for completing the included exercises.


## Description

By coding along with us in this workshop you’ll:

 - Learn how git represents commits and branches internally to gain deep insights into how git works under the hood…
 - Discover the power of rebasing in git, along with how to avoid common pitfalls. Learn to tell when it’s appropriate to re-write history…
 - Discover how git hooks can make your life easier by running analysis on your code before you commit in order to prevent common errors from making their way into your codebase…
 - Discover lesser-known features of git that will save you hours of time when resolving merge conflicts and track down bugs…
 - Learn how to harness the power of the GitHub API to fetch information about your repositories.

## Author and Class Information

The course content and exercises were written by Nina Zakharenko.

Find her on:
- [Twitter @nnja](https://twitter.com/nnja)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ninaz/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/nnja)

## Video Course

Front End Masters [Video screencast](http://frontendmasters.com/workshops/git-indepth/)
